the fact of the matter is women do not  find sexual satisfaction having sex  outside of marriage even though that's  what they're told that they will do and  they will have a better sex life outside  of marriage  men can have access to sex with  absolutely no problem men don't have to  wait to have sex with someone because  women don't feel like the sex that they  are having needs to be with someone who  will support them raise children with  them or marry them so sex is  economically cheap men are able to have  sex incredibly easily women don't enjoy  sex in the same way when they're not  married because  it's unstable  and they don't know that it's going to  last men are really let off the hook and  women are the ones who are paying the  price so really the first thing that  made sex cheap was the advent of birth  control with the advent of birth control  physical pleasure became entirely  separate from the consequence of that  physical pleasure sex became so much  more about just stimulation  than it did about the connection you  were having with that other person and  recognizing that that person could be  the father of your children sex has  become economically cheap in our day and  age where it's just easy access from  both a physical perspective and an  online perspective you can have sex in  really any form you want without working  very hard for it we know that sex and  pregnancy are absolutely linked but  birth control gives you the perception  that the worst outcome of sex the most  unnatural outcome of sex is pregnancy  i'm not somebody who believes that sex  is only for the purpose of having a  child sex is about intimacy for a couple  it makes a couple come together closer  and express their emotional feelings for  each other in a physical way it should  never be treated lightly even though in  99 of cases or 96 of cases for most  birth controls  you won't get pregnant when we have  economically cheapened sex so that it's  just available at any time to anyone  it makes it so that it is a lot harder  to get married because now it's not just  oh men are going to get married to have  sex and have a family  men now have to come to a conclusion  that the relationship they are in is  pure enough  for it to lead to marriage so what ends  up happening is you have women who want  to wait being put in a position of  having to consider their options can  they wait will they be able to find a  guy who's willing to wait for them  because now that sex is so cheap he can  go anywhere he doesn't have to wait for  you so the empowerment narrative that oh  we should all be having as much sex as  possible before we're married outside of  marriage and that's really empowering  who is it empowering  at the end of the day  it gives over  much more power to men  men are the ones who get to now have  access to something that they didn't  have access to before unless they made  the commitment unless they promised to  support you and stay with you and you  know who's losing women the fact of the  matter is women do not find sexual  satisfaction  having sex outside of marriage even  though that's what they're told that  they will do and they will have a better  sex life outside of marriage  [Music]  i am not  a conservative  and this will come as a shock to many of  you  because i know that a lot of my fans  like to interpret  what i do and what i say on this youtube  channel as if it were somehow the  world's most  indirect and subtle endorsement of  conservatism and the most fundamental  reason why i'm not a conservative  is that i don't want to be part  of a political movement that is built on  a lie i certainly do not want to be part  of a religion that's built on a lie you  may be saying  isil mazzard  you are way more attractive and way more  jewish than abigail shapiro isn't this  world view a little bit tempting for you  i see the position of conservatives in  the 21st century as being a little bit  like the believers in a flat earth  and there's a very important lesson for  us to learn for all of us to learn  regardless of what movement you may be a  part of or what new movement you may  aspire to start a movement that doesn't  yet exist in the world when you um  consider  our moment in history in terms of having  1 000 years before it  and 1 000 years to come um  there are fewer and fewer people today  who believe  the earth is flat why  is that is that just a fad is that just  a trend is it just you know well maybe  there are flat earthers who passionately  believe that in fact their movement is  gaining numbers in fact more and more  people see the world their way  abigail shapiro um  as passionately as she may argue for her  world view for her cosmology she must  admit  that there are fewer people who agree  with her today than there were 1 000  years ago there are fewer people who  agree with her today than there were 2  000 years ago and hilariously her  worldview cannot be very well vindicated  by even a casual reading of the bible  where the reality of prostitution the  reality of husbands cheating on their  wives and wives cheating on their  husband is attested to in a much more  earthy realistic fashion than she is  willing to admit herself abigail  shapiro's worldview  relies  on a denial of reality that's  i don't know much more blatant much more  easily empirically challenged than the  belief  that the world is flat you certainly can  i don't know get up out of your house  and walk to the grocery store without  encountering anything that's going to  challenge or overturn the assumption  that the world's in that you know very  limited sense of daily reality however  the belief  that wives  do not enjoy  cheating on their husband that women do  not enjoy  sex out of wedlock the belief  that  traditional patriarchy  such as the muslim world still enjoys  the idea of the traditional patriarchal  marriage with the women at least being  virgins until marriage and then being  purchased as property and controlled by  one man throughout the rest of their  lives  the belief that that benefits  women  that it benefits women and oppresses men  whereas the modern western liberal  system of dating sexual freedom marriage  and indeed a great deal of fornication  and indeed a great deal of wives  cheating on husbands and husbands she  knows that that  modern western decadent liberal  the belief that that oppresses women  and benefits men just as it claims to in  fact  liberate women from that former  patriarchy that is  based on a set of lies  and  a denial of reality  so fundamental so blatant so  anti-empirical so ridiculous that it's  hard to get up out of your kitchen  and walk to the grocery store and walk  back again without dealing with the  contradictions  i don't have a whole lot of friends  at any given time  i have friends who are talking to me  about the fact that  the wife is cheating on the husband  or the husband is cheating on the wife  i i amass anecdotes  of this kind uh throughout my life and  sometimes my my viewers people who are  not my friend people who just know me  from the channel they're writing in and  asking me  for advice  because they're stuck in  precisely these situations now my um  dismally realistic view  of life on earth  is that we are mammals  is that for example  we evolved the ability to speak  because we have a cavity in our mouths  the shape of the root roof of our mouths  was formed  so that we as mammals could engage in  breastfeeding  so we have this we have this mechanism  this wonderful mechanism that we've  elaborated into thousands of different  languages to form millions of different  ideas that we communicate this way that  would otherwise be  impossible as a kind of unintended side  effect of what we really needed to  evolve to survive which was the capacity  to engage in breastfeeding and in this  same way  we have very simple  short-term  adaptations  instinctual adaptations  and behavioral adaptations that are not  so different for us as human beings than  they would be for a hamster  for a gerbil for a rodent  um or for a monkey  but just as the function of speech  is not limited to its evolved  purpose it's not limited  to  [Music]  drinking milk from the breast or  screaming out in pain expressing the  very few things that we needed to  survive millions of years ago you know  in the same way what we're capable of  sexually what we're capable of  psychologically what we're capable of  morally goes far far beyond the remit  far far beyond the limit  of what it is to be born a mammal of  what it is to be born a product  of evolution you know  the trick to being an adult human being  is not to let your instincts  and your desires  be a limit for what you think you  personally are capable of to not let  human nature  define and delimit  the richness  of the human experience  i have a further challenge for you  i want you to imagine  if you  were in the same unenviable position of  abigail shapiro that everything  you believed in  was in fact becoming less and less  popular as the centuries go by if you  were in the position of  supporting  an ethical view of the world  that you knew was less popular today  than it was a thousand years ago and  would be  less popular still 10 years from now 20  years from now a century from now if you  knew  you were on the losing side of history  i've had a lot to do with this  particular unpopular  view of the world called veganism  it's incredibly unpopular  but i notice that vegans  live with this encouraging delusion that  no matter how  small a percentage the population we are  our ethical system our worldview is more  popular today than it was a century ago  it's more popular today than it was a  thousand years ago that therefore  we are on the winning side of history  what if  what if everything you believed in  everything you valued ethically  politically or instead in that  impossible position the conservatives  have put themselves in what if you had  to accept with all due humility that you  represented a minority that would  in the next thousand years  a despised minority  forever  remain  sympathy is an analytical tool  thinking that way leads to a very useful  kind of sympathy for the position the  conservatives are now in